add (init) --dev documentation (#4023)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/cli/dapr-init.md

dapr init -k
```

> Using the `--dev` flag will initialize dapr in dev mode which includes Zipkin and Redis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `--dev` flag initializes Dapr in dev mode, which includes Zipkin and Redis.
```
